Hi jonnyhi
How ya doing
Go to bottom




Hi =D


Nice Couch :D 
yea =D
Also hi joe


I added matt


Knock knock. It’s the United States. With big boats. With guns. GunBoats. Open the country. Stop having it be closed.


HI JON NICE COUCH


Hi
Hi :D


Drink milk for strong and healthy bones
You can even take bullets from a helicopter with it 


H E L L O ,  G O R D O N


Lemon-ade!!
On an escalator


jSHall i invite the mighty Karlson to the document of A?????;


Who is jSHall?


Is that a yes or a no?




Y e s
THE MIGHTY DOCUMENT OF A.


If you die are you just actually alive but not?


Well yes but also no
  



Why must you do this
I must because i must because yes
Reasonable 
Oh and also hi :D
Hello there. You are from the anomalous materials lab, yes I recognize you
Duck
Duck indeed
...
:D
Blurrrrrrrb :D
Blurb go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Blurb go blurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrb
Yes
  
  

Noice
  

^^^^me


Blurb
B l Ә r b


Look its sizer 11 font!
Also Lemon :D
Lemon is the best font ever
tru
Yups YUYP


Nuuuurrbbbb


Do dododo dododo dododo dododo, do do do do. Do. do.
Dudududu
I think ally is actually really high up in Karlson Corp
 Probably
Cus ya know “Cooking”
Haha burn stuff go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr


Why is der a bloo background?
sdjkfa;ldjf;lksdj
Idk


It’s not the font
Is somebody highlighting eveythings?


Fixed it
Nice also how
Highlite color
Ohohohok
SMAE go brrrrrrrr


IT’S STUCK IN CAPS
Oh well thats fun
Idk how to toggle caps on crombok
=[
Fixed =D
=[Hello there]=


How you make upside down e
Ya just do/
I copied it from googlr
uʍop ǝpᴉsdn ǝdʎʇ ǝldoǝd looɔ ʎluo ʍouʞ ɐʎ snɔ
It looks like russian
THE Y IS THE LAMBDA =D
ʎ 
half life
oɥ ɐlso ʇɥᴉs
sᴉɥʇ oslɐ ɥo
muj muj mud mud os era uoy
Yea JOE   YeaJoe
Debug.Log”Yea JOEEEE”;
Debug.Log(“That’s not how you do it. That will not compile”);
I got the SEMICOLON tho
Good job =D




Hello I am in science class and am very bored because I finished my thingy. At the end of the year we should publish Document of A because it is a literary masterpiece and will be a joy for people to read for centuries to come =D


It is the most masterful masterpiece ever seen by anyone ever. CHEEEEEEEEEEEESE


Sometimes, I dreeeeaaaam about cheeeeseeeee
Et fod
Et fod indeed
Are you aware that pineapples are mostly yellow 
No? They’re green or blue
N the inside
oohh
If we were to look at this later we probably wont be able to tell who is talking when unless we can tell who is talking based on how they talk :D
I would never say :D only =D
:D =D :) :] =] =)
`Falls` Gordon, I’m tired.
Sorry gordon, *I* get excited sometimes!
Explosives :) !
Look! I found a-
Well I thought it was a lunchbox!
Lol imagine doing work
I would never
Ikr
Ew VARK VARK bad
Vark vark!
A russian dog would say “Voof! Voof!”
I saw a joke that said “ if i am russian for replacing my b’s with v’s then soviet.”
I love that
Yea ikr 
Imagine not going on the document of a for a while and coming back and having to try and figure out what’s happening :D
It’s probably going to happen cuz we’’ll stop looking at this conversation evwnually
Yea and nobody else really uses it very much so they get to read our convos. that is the abbreviation for conversation right? Im not weird?
Yea it is I think
Ok good.                
A chair is a piece of furniture with a raised surface supported by legs, commonly used to seat a single person
A chair without an armrest or a back is a stool, or when raised up, a barstool.










  

DR COOOOMMMMEERRRRRRRRR
=D
The Document of a is already 6 pages long
We’re gonna have like 50 essays worth by the end of the year  
Look it’s Nick
Hi nick
My handprint:
5tssssd
This is my handprint in english:
, obh7
Left hand:
Cx
My left:
 Ku


I’d like to see someone who’s handprint is blurb
Me too that person must be amazing
Me made the document of a another page longer in a bout 5 minutes
=D
We’ve done it :D
It’s gonna be so long 
8-) your welcome for this beautiful creation. It’s what my Dad sends to me when i send :D
Thatbk you so much
It’s so awesome.
Ikr
I don’t like VARK
I also don't like VARK
Iiiijrijtiuerlkjf,syki8a7fgbadfchgdrhaj rdtkgiquuyetpqwrytoiuasg kjhbnsbfakurhvpqwfnkladsgfoaiuevyfksdhfaueyfliunasvlkdhfaliusegykfj hgabsdiuyfiquwevyqcfiuuuuakrsyvoieytkiaslkefa;lkdfh


Tru
Yes very tru
Am bored. Send hlep.
Me too send hlep
I think the entire class might seed hlep to be sended.
Yea I agree they do not seem very sane
Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm qazwsxedcrfvtgbyhnujmikolp poiuytrewqlkjhgfdsamnBvcxz plokmijnuhbygvtfcrdxeszwaq
Gmf vu ficricr6cr5e7 7 e5e 46w 4w w ovtutvtfv798cfr.x r6dtyfxi yrcxxy
e  rpekzx7x e8cfy;r86c;yrc8 rc5xrc878crl7;86cyt;;tr88fu;cl6 y;
86cfcfr86rtr6cprc6ptr67vfcr6pcxrcffcfcfrahhhhhhhhhhhhhhcfvr66 crcfr6 fvihgyf j8cgy6f78rte577865877t5edx8drt
Did you see my pfp :)
Yea it’s good =D
I wrote stuff in the background. But like actual words. If you look at all the words that start with a capital letter.
I saw but I couldn’t read it/
I am bored in science again cuz the questions are really easy and took about 2 seconds. I wonder if they can read Document of A. Imagine the principle just reading through it trying to figure out who’s talking and what we’re talking about. 


Everybody was KUNG FU FIGHTING! Who’s fists were fast as lightning!


You should get gmod so you can play gmod with me =D
I could but i would so i could and I should
Shaft 06 on ModDB


Ayyy, voting


Yea =D


FEED my, my COINSSSS Mr. Freemaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannn


Hello says Karlson
hi


We have to do work in science D:
But if you finish you can do whatever on chromebooks so that’s good


Yea I saw
Now I’m in literacy extension but I finished everything
Skience is cars but cars is over so skience is crombook now
Fathordinarier is a good word so I wanted to save it here so I don’t forget it
I want vr so someone should give me $299.99


I will for $300.99
I am Me Oh Yeah
VECTOR
OH  YEAH!!!!! 
  





I'm fine if you get some dirty bird but never EVER get         a dodgy bird.
Mate I’m just gonna cark it if you get dodgy bird
Yea if you even think about getting a dodgy bird you'll have to choose off and don't carry on like a pork chop about Dodgy bird.




You’re such a pommie matt
 Document of SMP Stuff 


Remember to drink you milk. 
What if I’m lactose intolerant?
Then you drink milk
But my digestive track will die
Well then dani will punish you unless you drink milk
        You can just get some non lactose milk stuffs


Why did we change the font?
Idk
There I fixed it
=D
9th page
Yay :D
I have the stupid human fall flat instructional music stuck in my head
Nice. 
Wait no it’s the 10th page
Even more Yay :D
Gordon the hole… the hole gordon… watch out for the hole gordon... the hoooleeeee….. THE HOLE YOU IDIOT!
Ugofailea


Hello gordon
LOOK GORDON! A DOCUMENT OF A! WE CAN USE THIS TO TALK TO EACH OTHER!


Wooooooooooowwwww. Document of aaaaaa
Documento de A
https://syntec.net/?%2F=home
Haha I am on my main google account
Haha i am not
Me neither but I can be




a


aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa(Document of)


I'm in science class! *dies* 
I want grammarly but science. 








Google translated the science thing :D
        Joe: Hi. above!
Ben: Hello! Let's start shopping.
Joe: Then let's move on to the clothing section.
Ben: I see!
* Walk about 3 feet *
Joe: Well, it's a piece of clothing!
Ben: Well, a cheap purple shirt.
Joe: I really don't need it. Sorry ... and ... purple ...
Ben: Yeah, it's too big for you.
Joe: But this blue shirt is really great and costs only $ 5.
Ben: Hmm, hmm ... I think I like this red dress. Oh, but it's expensive.
Joe: I think you should get it. Looks good and not too expensive.
Ben: Yeah, everything's fine.
Joe: Go and pay for this dress.


Hello I am bored in science so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because  I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A because I am bored in science class so I am on Document of A


HIIIIII JONNNNATHANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN.


HI BENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN


WASSSSSUUUUUUUPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP

BORED!!!!!!!!


YEA SAMEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


YOU DO NOTHING IN SCIENCE IF YOU HAVE NO MISSING WORK


IN SPANISH YOU WORK ON YUOUR SHOPPING THING


IDK WHAT THAT IS CUZ I WAS GONE BUT I’LL FIGURE IT OUT


I THINK ITS DUE IN LIKE 2 WEEKS OR SOMETHING BUT I COULD BE COMPLETELY WRONG


THAT’S A PRETTY GOOD AMOUNT OF TIME


YEA I THINK YOU CAN FINISH IT


HOPEFULLY


ONE SEC OH ALSO NEW PAGE!! WOOOH!


=DDDDDDDD


4294967295


Oh look it’s my main account


Ok bueeee until religion


K IM BACK BUT CLASS IS ENDING SO NVM


Yay its time for the “work period” in science class :D


HIIIII JONNNNNATHAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN (or Joe or Matt or Karlson or George but none of you ever get on :(  )


WHY DID NO ONE TALK ABOUT MESOPATAMIAN MUSIC I NEEDED MORE INFORMATION ON IT =[
Also hi


Yo


Hello I don’t like math
Science was bad today cuz math


Spanish is also bad
And i think it is due today


Yup =[
I’m not finishing it
How do I do 9?


Idk i skipped 8 and 9
I can also help you with / totally not give you the answers for 
Most of them (34567)


I don’t like this assignment
Also I’m gonna hope our social studies thing isn’t due tommorow


Yea same
Wooh page 13
But still also pain and spanish and science
I finished science though so now i only have spanish, though i probably got some things wrong in science AND spanish


*Pain*


Yup. I just have a few pages left


Do you have 8 and if so can i have it


No because we’re not supposed to do 8


We’re not?


Yea she said she’s doing 8 and 6 with us


Oh. then i guess i dont have to do 8, but i still have 9 :(


Me too


i m just gonna play deftly until class ends, cuss i dont wanna do spansih


Reasonable
We have like 5 or 10 minutes I think


Yea something similar to that


Nevermind. Good timing on the announcement there.
Pizza.


Yup. pizza.


Yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo les goooooooooooooooooo
Jonny we had a wath quiz


Spanish bad
Hello the cicero. It looks like there are slow…
J A M E L B O R P


Karlson is not pie
COWS GOOD COW PIES BAD
Hi jonny you should get on document of A from home.
If only i could make notifications for a google docs


HELLO KARLSON ARE YOU ON THE DOCUMENT OF A AT THE MOMENT?????
I CAN SHARE SOME AUSSIE SLANG WITH YOU 
 
Sure


Sniping’s a good job mate {Is now Karlson Corp’s Official motto}


Just in case that is what you were going to say




Hi
  

Joe says hi too
This should be an me6me
Lol
Sorry
I misclicked
Lol


Yo Jonny and Karlson you should see this beautiful picture and get on DOCUMENT OF A so you can talk :D
Oh that is smart
I like that idea
Get on you peoples 
Lemon
Lol
Im on a new page
Wooh page 15j


HI


Wassup yo hi its the document of A and you shall be typing also have fun in spanish


I HAVE RETURNED


We might have a lawsuit on our hands....
You should be on Document of A


I swear if Mrs Shipley gives me a test on this when I have had one class period


:D


HI
These people are very loud over here also what do we do in language arts?


Hi please someone talk spanish is boring help save my sanity 




Hi I am in spainish


Oh boy are you having fun?


Yes we’re watching a movie idk why you guys did work


Wut


How did you manage to get to watch a movie
We walked in she said “this is due today also there is a google classroom assignment glhf”


Yea you must’ve just gotten really unlucky. Were you guys loud?


No, i think she just realized that it wasnt possible to finish all that work or smth and didnt give you the work
Cus it was on her schedule of what she was supposed to make us due, not due if we were bad.


Well I wish that was true, but we do have to do it. we didn’t watch a movie. Idk how I’m gonna finish


Thwn why did you say you were watching a movie!?
Also woooh new page!


Because I was being sarcastic but you didn’t pick it up so I kept going


It’s kind of hard to hear sarcasm in text but ok :D


Yea
Page 16 =D


:D :D :D :D :D :D 


Why do we get so much work in spanish
Help does she really expect us to finish this


Yes
By the end of the day
Except the classroom assignment i think is due some other time


This is insane


Yea ik
algunos mapas interesantes


Yea so hi


Hi is science good


Yup definitely pretty cool just doin’ some “work”


HI JONATHAN HOW ARE YOU TODAY!?!?!?!?
HI BEN HOW ARE YOU TODAY?????????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I ARE GOOD!!!!!!!!!!
I ARE TOO!!!!!!!
NICEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SO DO YOU LIKE BURRITOS?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Not really honestly
YA BUT OK SO WHY BUT WHY NOT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
I’m a very picky eater I don’t like a lot of stuff
YOUR A VEGETARIAN!?!?!?! IS THAT WHAT YOU SAID!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!??!??!
What
I DONT KNOW
PAGE 17!!!!!!!
Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


BYE JONATHAN SEE YA LATER


HI JONATHAN SEE YA NOW IF YOU GET ON DOCUMENT OF A OR LATER IF YOU DONT


YES HELLO I AM DOCUMENT ON A


HIIIIII:D


Hi person
Hi pieson


Joe N. Pieson
Tru
Jhonaton Hausum
Jhoe N. Pieson
:D
Johnathon Locko Houseman        
Jonathan Locke Hausam


Help


No


That was when I was in spainish


SPAINISH
Also very understandable


Yea


koolaid man
I agree


  



PAGE 18!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pooge ootteen


Aw goggledoccs! 
  



Hi


Why did you take that, and can it just not


I hear that art happens in spainish. TELL ME I’M WRONG PLEASE I WANNA HAVE A GOOD DAY. That would be the mix of the 2 worst classes.
I finished poster =D
It’s really bad


I am bored right now because I have nothing to do because I finished my flyer last class


Sup yo wassup g’day how ya goin good morning howdy welcome hello hi   


￼


Hi
Hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


HOW ARE YOU!!!!!!!!!!?


HELLO THERE 


YO ANSWER THE QUESTION!!!!!!!!!


I;M FINE


COOL


Where is the log thing that tells what people said and when?


Mr. Mitchell said we could do Black Table right?  
I think so 
Also NICE COUCH


Black table is gonna be fun :)
Assuming people actually realise it’s there


Yea it is. I’m sure it’ll spread eventually. We can try and anonymously push it if we need to.          
BEN WHAT WAS THE AMAZING WEBSITE FOR THE MOCK TRIAL HELP PLZ -Matt-


Idk 
Oh nvm i found it it's on prosecuting attorney paper document thing


HI JONATHAN aka JONNY aka JON aka ELEVATORMAN aka WATERMELON


Yo wassup


Hi


Please


Hi I’m tired I didn’t have coffee please help me I’m going to die
Is spainish fun?


Spainish actually isn’t too bad it seems =D
How is skience
WAIT I think we did this exact same assignment last year. The La Navidad one in classroom.
Didn’t we?
Ok it is because 2 of the links are dead for chile


Hello
Hey everyone! How’s school? Quarantine is not too bad because I just skipped a whole class. -Matt- 
Also, TWENTY ONE 
Lets aim for 100 pages. 
This is how we’re going to break the wifi lol.
Im here-george


LEMON FONT YAY AWESOME 
 Anyway, how are you???????>??>?>?>?>?>?>?<>?><><M<><MNJKM<><M<>MKJIUJHJHYGTFRVGHYTFGHJK<><MNHGT^&*UIOL<>
Yo new page
New page indeed
22 pages


Spainish? More like painish


Yup very true
Also Hi jonnnnnnnnnnnnnynnynnnnynnynynynynynynynny


HIIIII


HIHIHIHIHIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Was the skience test easy?


Yes, very
I guessed home alone for the movie but im probs wrong
You are =[


:( :( :( :(   PROJECT 863 when is a new episode gonna be alive?


AGREED


Next Tuesday or maybe today but probably not.


Ooh hopefully today


Anyways GET BACK TO WORK


Ok but did you take a test in spainish?


Yea?
Oh ok cool
Ok bueeee


Wait did you not?


We did


Oh ok
New page!
Also righto bue
Buee


This assignment is stupid


Yes very
I've noticed


Mrs. shipley just indicated that clark’s singing is gonna ruin her entire weekend
Like 100% seriously


Hello :D
Hi =D


How’s science?


HELO EVERYONE
HI BEN I IS BORED AND CHRISTMAS MUSIC IS LOUD
New 863 episode today at 3 =D


Hellooooooooooooooo!!O!O!O!O!O!O!
How are you


Nobody answered and now sad :(


Yes


Ayyyy oooo SOMEONE CUT THE BREAD


Hello from spainish. The assignments were really really easy
Hi
They took some time 
It took me a while before i learned “hey this is easy when i use spanishdict”
I typed how are you into a vague question interpreter and it gave me 
How many unicorns will Silicon Valley produce in the next 2 years?
×
How tall are you?
×
How will you spend your Saturday?
×
How is the rate of job openings for machine learning related roles changing?
×
What percentage of people in the United States think they're happy?
×
Where will everyone be, and what will they be doing for Easter weekend, 2019-04-18 through 2020-04-22 (inclusive)?
×
Will I get an advanced degree in computer science?
×
How many US researchers choose to pursue their research at or outside the United States?
It is not OK to eat a sandwich for breakfast. ➟ If something is not OK, it is usually forbidden. ➟ In many religions and traditions, magic is forbidden. ➟ Hence, magic is forbidden in many religions and traditions. ➟ Magic is not true or false.








With this new A.I., document of A will triple in size within the week






it is not OK to eat a sandwich for breakfast ➟ beavers start nibbling on some trees to build dams ➟ forests start disappearing ➟ trees can no longer produce oxygen to support human life ➟ human life becomes impossible


it is not OK to eat a sandwich for breakfast. ➟ beavers prefer sleeping under a tree to chewing down a sandwich for breakfast. ➟ Ranchers spend money planting new trees, not more money eating sandwiches for breakfast. ➟ Beavers are costing the economy billions per year.
Lol
It turned joe biden into
joe biden charged his phone and threw it at the wall


And grandma is nice into 
grandma was nicer then a bran muffin
grandma was nicer then a puppy licking on an ice cream cone.
And
Grandma was nicer then a hot cup of lemonade in a snow storm.


YES!!!!!!
I put in she weighs 150 kilograms and fires 200 dollar custom made bullets at 10000 rounds per minute into the name thing




And after a few dozen results 


It put sasha


LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL


Put the Pen Down. Any Pen. Wait, Any Pen? Yes, Yours.




Dinglefritz…


Jonathan, the man of many chairs.


Also new page. Yay. Very cool. So cool. Just awesome.


Waggon


Waggon 
Waggon


I hope you realise that it is auto correcting to waggon for me to
        I don’t think it’s just british




It is I just changed document of a to british


Karlson Corporation is an American technology corporation. The largest part of their business is the sales of their flagship product: the Karlson Kernel.


I am tired, and you should be tired too. I keep track of the amount of energy I expend on my activities and strive to maintain a certain level that I deem healthy. As you can see from the chart below, it takes quite a bit of ongoing effort to function well. Here are few things that reduce overall energy levels:


I will skin you and then play hockey with your face on a frozen pond.
J


I put in she weighs 150 kilograms and fires 200 dollar custom made bullets at 10000
rounds per minute into the name thing
 
 
And after a few dozen results 
 
It put sasha
 
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
 
Put the Pen Down. Any Pen. Wait, Any Pen? Yes, Yours.
 
 
Dinglefritz…
 
Jonathan, the man of many chairs.
 
Also new page. Yay. Very cool. So cool. Just awesome.
 
Waggon
 
Waggon 
Waggon
 
I hope you realise that it is auto correcting to waggon for me to
        I don’t think it’s just british
 
 
It is I just changed document of a to british
 
Karlson Corporation is an American technology corporation. The largest part of their
business is the sales of their flagship product: the Karlson Kernel.
 
I am tired, and you should be tired too. I keep track of the amount of energy I expend on
my activities and strive to maintain a certain level that I deem healthy. As you can see
from the chart below, it takes quite a bit of ongoing effort to function well. Here are few
things that reduce overall energy levels:
 
I will skin you and then play hockey with your face on a frozen pond.
I will clone your teachers and have them always whispering in your ear, making sure you're getting enough sleep.
* If you are watching this, I will appear behind you now and never leave your side. (You can't get rid of me)


Perry the Platypus, Krezdash, and Blobart all wake up with no idea where they are. They look around and see that they are in what appears to be a small log cabin. That is, a round wooden table is in the middle of the room with three chairs around it, and there is a bookshelf and a small kitchen with a coffee pot.
Blobart eats his banana crackers and yogurt pizza.
It's a nice change from the swill that was served at the Fox Hole.
After cleaning up, the trio decide to explore the mysterious cabin.
Perry the Platypus searches the cabin, specifically looking for a gun or any people.
The cabin seems very empty. No one is around, and the only thing that looks remotely dangerous is a bookcase. The bookcase has some weird looking books on it. These books have titles such as: "How to create your own moral universe", "How to be a sociopath", and "How to be a hit man for the CIA".
Blobart says "Oh I've always wanted to be a sociopath!"
The trio decide that it is time to get down to business.
"Well, I guess we should start with the manor," Perry the Platypus suggests.
Perry the Platypus starts searching through the bookcase looking for any hidden compartments while telling everyone about the manor.
The bookcase has a number of secret hollow spaces. There is a hidden compartment in the bottom corner that is accessed by loosening two bolts with a spanner.
Inside the compartment is a little gold pouch.
Krezdash grabs a random book from the shelf and starts searching the manor.
The manor has a few interesting nooks and crannies and there is a tiny crawlspace access panel in one of the walls.
A small compartment is found behind a false wall.
Blobart rams his shoulder into the wall where the compartment is.
The compartment is empty.
"Nothing," Blobart says dejectedly.
"Maybe there is another way in or out?" Krezdash says.
"Like what?"
Perry the Platypus searches the small compartment in the false wall and finds no more hidden compartments.
The small compartment contains a roll of ducktape, a small flashlight, and a few other odds and ends.
"Nothing," Perry the Platypus says.


Blobart takes the ducktape and puts it in his pocket.
"I'll take this," Blobart says, "if you have any other ideas, please speak now."
"There is still the mansion," Krezdash says.
Perry the Platypus takes the flashlight and says "It looks like the time is about"
"'night. Sorry we couldn't find anything more. I doubt there is anything more to find. This place is pretty well hidden."
"We could always start over it again in the morning," Krezdash says.
Krezdash says "What are we looking for?"
"A way in. We have to figure out how they are getting in and out of the manor."
"How are they doing that?"
"We have no idea," Krezdash says.
Blobart says "I could use my RPG to get in!"
Krezdash thinks for a moment.
"It's either that, or we head back to the city," Krezdash says.
Perry the Platypus says "Yea, and we don't know where the city is so I guess we've gotta RPG the manor"
"Let's do it! I'll get the weapon. We'll be done before you can say'Quetzalcoatl's Folly'," Perry the Platypus says.
Krezdash says "What is 'Quetzalcoatl's Folly'
"It's what they call the manor that Quetzalcoatl's Folly. I don't know why. It's all in the book" Krezdash grabs the book, titled "The Book of the Fallen," and starts flipping through it. "I see it," Krezdash says, "it's in the section on Quetzalcoatl's Folly." Blobart reads the book aloud. It reads : "The Folly was built by the Aztecs five hundred years ago as a monument to Quetzalcoatl, the feathered-serpent. While the Aztecs were polytheistic, they believed Quetzalcoatl was the supreme being.
Perry the Platypus says "So the manor was made by the Aztecs to worship a feathered-serpent. Great."
"The Aztecs weren't polytheistic?" Krezdash asks.
"They worshiped Quetzalcoatl, but they also worshiped the sun god," Perry the Platypus explains.
Krezdash looks around for anything more on Quetzalcoatl.
There isn't anything else in the book. "I don't think there's anything else to find here," Krezdash says. Blobart fires 5 rockets at the door of the mansion . The rockets bounce harmlessly off the door. "Let's go," Krezdash says. You, KrezDash, and Perry the Platypus enter the manor.
Perry the Platypus heads into the manor with Krezdash and Blobart while wondering if the aztecs were really advanced if they could make a RPG resistant door.
There are many Aztec manor doors.
The trio blast their way through a few of them, but others prove to be more resistant.
Krezdash gets into a heated conversation with an Aztec Door.
The door says,
"KrezDash, tell me why you and your companions are here."
"We're here to seek Quetzalcoatl," Krezdash responds.
The door's eyes narrow.
Blobart says "Mr. Door, where could we find Quetzalcoatl?"
"Do you seek Quetzalcoatl?" the door asks. "Yes," Broodar says. The door points to a staircase. "He's in the basement, third door on the left."The basement looks like any other ancient Aztec basement. It contains a circular room, a bunch of chained up cages, and an altar of some type. In the center of the room sits a staircase leading up.
Krezdash goes to the altar and falls on his knees, saying:.
"Please, Quetzalcoatl, grant us your favor and free me from my burden of servitude.
Make me a worthy servant in your eyes."
The offering on the altar is a golden serpent.
Blobart says "Krezdash, why are you talking to that wall?"
Krezdash doesn't answer. He's been doing that a lot. He keeps on doing it. He keeps on doing it in the middle of the most important moment of his life. Krezdash is so intent on talking to a wall that he doesn't notice the giant feathered-serpent behind him with a name tag that says "Hello, my name is... Quetzalcoatl" Quetzalcoatl, the feathered-serpent, slithers out of the cage and curls around Krezdash's body, wrapping him up in its tail. Quetzalcoatl throws Krezdash in a cage and slithers up to Perry the Platypus, saying: "Tail, you will be my sword. Body, you will be my armor. Soul, you will be my food."
Blobart takes out an SMG and shoots Quetzalcoatl many times.
Quetzalcoatl remains in his spot, undisturbed.
When the dust clears, Krezdash is gone.
There's nothing there.
No body, no soul, no equipment, no weapons.
Perry the Platypus says "Quetzalcoatl, what did you do to Krezdash? Where is he?"
"I devoured him," Quetzalcoatl says.
The aztec manor is an empty shell.
The trio are alone.
Krezdash says "Quetzalcoatl, what have you done?"
"I did what was required of me to free Krezdash.
You will do the same to free yourself."
"How?" Perry the Platypus asks.
"Come with me."
Blobart says "no we need to find the mozzarella cheese hidden in the manor first!"
"We'll find it in time! Come on!" The trio run around a corner and notice that the front door is open. They run through the open door and up the stairs. At the top of the stairs, a large table sits with several alcoves in it. A number of golden keys are on the table.
Perry the Platypus says "Quetzalcoatl, could you please tell us where the mozzarella cheese is?"
"Yes. There is a mozzarella cheese in alcove C. Go." Perry the Platypus, Krezdash, and Blobart walk to the alcove. The trio searches for the mozzerella cheese, when suddenly, Quetzalcoatl flies out of the alcove, knocking Perry the Platypus to the floor. The aztec manor is filled with the sound of smashing furniture.
Blobart grabs all of the cheese and uses it to summon The Quetzalcoatl Murderer.
The Aztec Murderer appears and is ready to finish off Perry the Platypus. Krezdash is at Quetzalcoatl's side, ready to finish off the aztec manor. "What now, mortal?" Quetzalcoatl asks. "Come with me, you two, while I go open the vault." "No tricks, or it's your head!"
Perry the Platypus says "Can I come open the vault with you, or if I try are you randomly gonna start spraying me with acid or something?"
"No tricks, I promise.
Just come. We'll have ourselves a proper feast afterwards."
Perry the Platypus grumbles, but complies.
The trio walk to the vault.
Krezdash says "Quetzalcoatl, do we need anything to open the vault?"
"No." The trio walk to the doors of the vault. The doors are massive, made of thick iron. They're sealed with a giant slab of granite.The RPG casings bounce off of the door and embed themselves in the granite. The doors remain sealed. The trio look at each other. "Could... could I try to shatter it with a fireball?"
Perry the Platypus says "Quetzalcoatl, could you please open the door so we can get our mozzarella? "
"Of course." Quetzalcoatl casts a spell and a beam of fire shoots from his finger tips and hits the door. The blast causes massive cracks to appear in the door. Small portions of the door begin to crumble away. It's a mess. Krezdash and Blobart help Perry the Platypus pick up pieces of the door. The Ancient Mozzarella Cheese begins to flow out of the cracks in the door. Krezdash leans in and snatches a piece of mozzarella. "It's good!" he says, holding the cheese in his hands. "Eat it," Blobart says. "I will," Krezdash says, devouring the cheese. "Now we have to get out of here," Perry the Platypus says. The trio all carry as much mozzarella cheese as they can, but before the can leave, the doors slam shut and a bolt slides into place. They are stuck inside of the vault. The trio try to think of a way to get out of the vault. Kerzdash forces Perry the Platypus to the floor, saying:
Blobart punches Kerzdash in the face using his newly found mozzarella boxing gloves.
Kerzdash staggers back, and his head connects with the marble floor. It's a knockout blow. "You'll do nothing of the sort!" Perry the Platypus exclaims. "It's time for you to go. I don't need your help. The Aztec Murderer always gets his man." Quetzalcoatl releases a chuckle. "You're not the one who'll get his man, are you?" "Kerzdash's right. I'll kill you both!" The Aztec murder stalks toward Kerzdash and Quetzalcoatl, a ball of pure green lightning formed in his hand. The trio run. The Aztec Murderer charges forward, and he swings his blade at Quetzalcoatl. The trio watches The Aztec Murderer fight Quetzalcoatl. The creature's blade glows brightly as it slices through the air. The Aztec Murderer lunges at Quetzalcoatl, leaping into the air. He swings his blade, and misses. Quetzalcoatl's blade is a bright blue. The blade cuts through the air, and The Aztec Murderer's head rolls to the side. Quetzalcoatl looks at his fallen enemy and takes a bite of mozzarella cheese. "Not... not bad," Quetzalcoatl says. Kerzdash pulls a pistol from his jacket and begins to fire at Quetzalcoatl. The bullets bounce off of the creature's skin with barely a scratch. Kerzdash drops his pistol and draws a melee weapon. The two swords clash, and Kerzdash's sword breaks.
Krezdash grabs a handful of mozzarella cheese, and summons Quetzalcoatl's nemesis, Tonatiuh.
Kerzdash wraps his arms around a fistful of mozzarella cheese. "Come forth, you wretched abomination!" Kerzdash roars. A figure steps forth from the shadows. The figure is a hideous creature. A creature formed of shadow and darkness. The creature looks at Kerzdash and smiles.
Blobart says "Do you know who ate all the donuts?"
"Ate all the donuts?" the creature asks, licking his lips. "Yes," Blobart says, licking his lips. Quetzalcoatl then quickly vanishes from sight. "My name is Goliath," the creature says. "I've heard of your quest. You seek Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent?" "Yes."
Krezdash says "Quetzalcoatl was just here, where'd he go? I want my revenge!"
Goliath chuckles.
"Come with me, little creature. I'm going to take you to your Quetzalcoatl."
Blobart jumps 6 feet into the air onto Goliath's head.
The creature drops to its knees, and screams.
Goliath swings a fist and hits Blobart in the jaw, sending him flying 6 feet into the air.
"I took care of Kerzdash."
Perry the Platypus catches Blobart, then he pulls out a sword and slashes towards Goliath.
Goliath easily ducks under the attack and leaps towards Perry the Platypus.
Goliath wraps a hand around Perry the Platypus' neck, and proceeds to squeeze.
Perry the Platypus screams.
Krezdash says "Perry the Platypus, what do you know of"
"I know how to get rid of a dud." Goliath glances over his shoulder and laughs. "You have a dud, little creature?" "Kerzdash." Perry The Platypus does a triple backflip out of Goliath's hand. Perry lands on his feet, then proceeds to stab Goliath in the side. "Run, little creature. I've had enough of you." Perry the Platypus runs.
Perry the Platypus says "Quetzalcoatl, please help us fight this beast that is Goliath and his companion Kerzdash"
"I will help you. But first, you must help me find my true purpose." "What's your purpose?" "To find the Aztec god, Toc the Younger." Goliath laughs. "I've already eaten his children. He's not going to give me any more." Krezdash grabs the mozzarella cheese hidden in his pocket and slaps it onto Goliath, trapping him in this world. He than says: "Quetzalcoatl, please assist us in vanquishing this vile creature." "I shall. Stand back, little one." Quetzalcoatl fires a jet of fire at Goliath. The blast hits Kerzdash, but does not affect Goliath in any way. The trio combines all of the mozzarella cheese and uses it to do a horrible thing to Goliath. The cheese begins to solidify, and they are able to encase Goliath's head in the cheese. It gets harder and harder to see Goliath, until he looks like a creature out of a fairy tale. The trio uncovers a portal. "Come forth, Quetzalcoatl," Kerzdash says. Goliath's head emerges from the portal.
Perry the Platypus says "What just happened?"
"Goliath has been turned into a pixie. He can no longer harm you." "Where are we?" "The Land of the West." Kerzdash looks around the strange new land. "This is interesting. I like the colors." "What are we going to do now?"
Blobart says "We should climb up that tree over there and find civilization"
"Yes!" Goliath stares at the trio. "Go on. I'll follow." The trio climbs up the tree. There is a town at the top. The town looks like a Mexican town. There are houses and a church. The sun is shining brightly. "We have made it to civilization at last," Kerzdash says. "Hurry up. I want to go home."
Krezdash says "Do you even know how to get there?"
"Oh, I could get there in two steps. Jump into that church, and ride the current of air towards the town. It's so much faster than walking." He jumps to the church, but miscalculates and crushes the entire city. "Civilization is a horrid place," Goliath says. "I think I'll go back to the tree and wait for my friends to come back for me." Goliath returns to the tree.
Perry the Platypus says "Quetzalcoatl, do you know where we are and how we could get home?"
"Yes. This is the Land of the West. That tree took me to the edge of the civilized world. My dear companions have gone to the North and the South. Top Ten ways joe failed at walking, and their horrible consequences: 10: Being stuck in the middle of a civil war. 9: Being eaten by a bear. 8: Being hit by a car. 7: Being hit by a train. 6: Being kidnapped by a cult. 5: Being stabbed by a psycho ex-girfriend. 4: The grass being on the other side of the fence. 3: The cake being cut. 2: A clown being frightening. 1: A puppy being cute." "What could be the way out of here?" Top Ten best Karlson Corp products and their important uses: 10: A space ship. 9: A time machine. 8: A way to make money. 7: A way to get back to the North. 6: A way to destroy the world. 5: A way to become president. 4: A way to get out of the Land of the West. 3: A way to get back to the real world. 2: A way to make the world go round. 1: A way to kill Hitler." Goliath looks up at the tree. 2: A hammer. 1: A toaster. In the morning Goliath is gone. Perry the Platypus steps out of the church. "What happened to you?" TOP TEN BETRAYALS AND REVENGE PLOTS BY BEST-SELLING AUTHORS, AND THE FREEDOM EXPRESS TRAIN You step out of the church and onto a train. It barrels down the tracks. Top Ten Betrayals: 10: A lion that becomes a kitten. 9: A puppy that becomes a kitten. 8: A tree that tells you it's the Easter Bunny. 7: A monster that eats people. 6: A skeleton that becomes a cute furry animal. 5: A vampire that turns into a sparkly-pink unicorn. 4: A cute kitten that grows into a super-soldier. 3: A pink elephant that grows big and strong. 2: A wolf that turns into a puppy. 1: A cute puppy that grows big and strong. The train rumbles down the tracks. The superior option out of Discord vs. Document of A is obviously Discord. The train screeches to a halt. There's a monster blocking the tracks. No way to get past it without a weapon! The train has a huge sledge hammer hanging from the roof. Top Ten TF2 horrors: 10:


So that was fun.
Joe the Dead Man


You are not worth an insult. I won't waste my time and energy. Why don't you try someone else?
 
"Fun Fact: Karlsons were commo on Neptune but are now extinct because of Kool Aid infestion." -Kix


"Karlson agro grom Hell" -ben


"Do the umlaut! Do the umlaut! Ohhh! Oh..." -ben        


That’s not cool man.




Hey


Jonathan


Nice couch


A L L   O F   Y O U R   H λ L F - L I F E   2   A R E   B E L O N G   T O   U S


All of your tall are belong to us.




  



Hello there
HIIIIIII lol 


HELLLLLOOOOOOOO JAYNATHAYN!!!!!!
        Spanish is Easy
How’s science?


Skience easy
Door stuck
Expiration of pen


Pineapple 




Hello Everyone. 
Plappiness
Everyone is plappy
“I may be so high on painkillers that I don't properly calculate the probability that this strategy will fail” - elicit
Tru
Everything is better if you imagine that its not what it is
Chicken isnt a vegetable 
Someone in my class said that
Lololololololololololololoolloloooollolololololoolool
Goobaba


“Weed isn’t bad, it’s used for drugs.” - Mrs. Shipley
sw2DE#T
Tru
Spainish sucks


Yea but that’s normal
Tru
How is skience


Hello 
And welcome
To the DOCUMENT OF A!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You’re here with your host, AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!, and everyone else.
Today we will play who is 
The contestants are you and not you.
So who is…  bored? Heh not me. Nope. Not at all. Not even a little bit.
Go on, guess. Who is bored? You have 1 guess.
        Or 2, whichever you prefer.
Oh hey, look, a new page. That’s pretty cool. But you haven’t guessed yet. Do it. Guess. 




I just typed I sleep into failure modes and it says I don’t wake up.
It’s not wrong


Oirish
Get in the care


“Oh my gosh none of this is about drugs…”-ben


“Drubs.” - Jonathan


Drubs. Just Drubs.
Pile o’ drubs.


Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
Hey’yuh, howayuh
Som'eemah, I drae ma't a bout'ish.


Something bad happens that deters people from my ways, like saying the wrong word during a speech or an elephant stepping on me


Sometimes, I dream about CHEEEEEEESE.
same
PAGE 47 =D
How many do you think we’ll get by the end of the year?


63. 
Exactly 63 pages in total. 
Just watch. It’s gonna happen


Anyways hi everyone, how are you?
I hope we do actually stop at 63
That’d be funny


I LOVE THE CHAPTER NAMES WHEN I’M ON MY COMPUTER HAHAHAA
I’LL TAKE A SCREENSHOT. IT PUT CHAPTERS ON THIS DOC BECAUSE OF HOW LONG IT IS
  



Sometimes, I dream about HEEEESE.


Hey
Joe
The
Rock
You
Are
On
Standing
It
Tibet
Look alike


Agree?


50% of percents are percents


Oh hey look its a NeW CHALLENGER
Aka NEW PAGE
Aka DUM DUM
Aka BORED
Aka we have been bored for 49 pages in a document.
        Wow.
        Impressive


Hi Jon nice couch.




Hi jonny




Hi =D


Nice Couch :D 
yea =D
Also hi joe


I added matt


Knock knock. It’s the United States. With big boats. With guns. GunBoats. Open the country. Stop having it be closed.


HI JON NICE COUCH


Hi
Hi :D


Drink milk for strong and healthy bones
You can even take bullets from a helicopter with it 


Wow look another page.
50 whole pages of pure boredom.
Ye ye        
Yes
Hey
Look
Better
Line
Spacing
Ah
It’s ont working
Bam did it
Work
No ir sisnr’


Bruh the line spacing is bothering me
Ugh
Hey
Did
It 
Nope
What
About
Now
Nope
How
Bout
Now
Wait so what about now?
Did it work?
Nope.
Welp.
Page 51.


Hlep. Ples. Ned hlep. 


  



Spanish.
Very spainful. 


Doofenshmirtz
Doof backwards is food 
As we have learned from doofenshmirtz 


We eat a self destruct button maniac


Doofenshmirtz has started a new page.
Page 52


jr;;p rbrtpmr
Jpe str upi?


Ben and Joe died it veery sadness
Joe’s ghost fired Karlson


Am bored
Finished skience




Hello henry. Welcome
To russia 


The monitor is UP
The monitor is DOWN 
The monster is UP
The monitor is DOWN


THE MONITER IS UP



Am in spainish
Am in painish


Welcome to painland today we are learning pain. To say hello, say Hola. 
Accurate description of this class
Yup
Also new page
NEW PAGEEEEEEE
Pretty cool
Well im in science bouta start my project
I got ALUMINIUM 
Yay =D
Fluorine is better tho
Ok buee
But mine is british
K bue


Finished math quiz
Hello there I am bored should I do the extra credit


Hello Jonnnnnnnnnnnnannannantantnatahhannthan


Why does painish and can it not


Hello
Everyone should watch Project 863
And learn about Syphus 590
And about D3b


Here have something to do:
4+4 =
2 + 2 == 
1  +  1 ===
!& + !& ==
;asduhf + fugfhiuyhiuhy !=
Seventeen + svnetytwo
Wow New pgae!
How fun
Vrey itrnetsnig


says the guy with no car insurance. geico can save you 15 percent or more on car insurance


Dark Souls is pain. These demon bastards keep beating me up >:( Also I'm only playing it bc I lack f.


Wassup everybody




LOLOLOL




“If you believe the AI hype, then Intelligence is basically technical performance capacity that is mis-distributed throughout society”
I plugged “I say this with love” into say more and thats what igot lol


Plugged i say this with love into clairy a concept and got “rap”








“I'm in a bad mood and feel like shit” - Elicit




HOLY MUFFIN!!!!!!!!! :D


IT WORKS!!! My Elicit task predicted how WWI started!!!!
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
I want to make another elicit task. Someone give me an idea.
Can I hook up code with elicit?
People like watching somebody sleep on the couch but is anyone willing to pay money for this?


Get a two can and string account and ask them for a task idea :)


Yes
Thats smart
Idk if gmail’ll work
And do I need to conforme my email?


You do need to confirm your email, and yes gmail will work but I think it’s blocked by securely.
 If you have an icloud account, that’s not blocked
Idk if i 
Idk if i too


. hehe
Hi matt


Hiihihhihihihiihihhhhhihihhii
Hi binary. 
H = 0
i=1
Hello Rug.
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhi
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhih
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhii
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhihh


How are you today?????
Doin good?????????
YA DOIN GOOD??????????????
apple ^false
Space Space 
SPPPPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCcccccccccccccCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Stop doing that
It just wastes pages and makes scrolling down take longer.


Hi everyone
73 pages wow


Someone pls am bored


Hello everybody. How are you today fella’s? 


Hi


  



Wassup everybody
How are you TODAY.
Remember to Search google or type a URL.
Jonathan how’s spanish?
I love jesus ad america and i hate spanish


Dat was jorge


Hi there am bored in computers


Error expected syntax 1:31
1 error generated
Exit code 1


Hi im bored in music because we have work to do
Maybe i will die before S.S.
Or American History
Or whatever
I dont like it
Its bad
She is evil
an d my group is not… the best
I wish to murder a few people in my sleep
HIHIHI
HOW R U
FINALLY
PEOPLE
THAT CAN TALK
Am doing work in spec
D: work stinks
I mistyped that 4 times
Im suppose to be doing work
Yea but you’re in music


And in music i have to research musical museums of musical people that are now living in a musical museum of music that has a high musical rating among people who have the power to rate how musical of a museum a musical museum is.
That was long
My hands are dying
Because of that
So yeah


This is our last cry before an eternal silence. 
I’m tired
U have to give a presentation
So yay
Death
I need gosh darned caffeine if i have any hope of surviving this
And some other things that are only obtainable at Karlson Corp
Like nuclear missiles
And “rainbow generators”
And fire
Lots and lost and lots of fire
G’bye mate




Hi


Hey that's what I was gonna say


Wassup


https://www.battlefields.org/glossary-civil-war-terms#J


Hi jonathan
New page so that’s pretty cool


Anyway someone say something pls
Am not unbored
You don’t wanna know how many tries it took me to type the word “not”


ugggggggggg:Ouo[geq


Mrs shipley made an unsolvable crossword. You have to add boxes on 3 of them to make it fit. 


Ug
Spanish 
How many times did i t take u to type not
I don’t want to know


Ad blocked by Google.


Guys don’t fall for Mr. Ewing’s trick. Mr Ewing’s trick made me look really stupid and I refuse to elaborate further.


Hey everyone
How are y’all


Ha you thought the google ad would work you can click on it and it will show its true colors without having to actually follow the link




I I
 S 
    N
   T E
    H E
     I D
      S 
          T
         H O
          O
           W K
                N
             Y O
              O W
               U  
                   B
                 T Y
                  Y
                    P N
                     E O
                      ? W


Hey guys. I’m not sure if you’ll check this today and if you don’t I’ll say something on discord when school’s out, but I am really struggling right now and it sucks that I’m not at school. I need to work with you guys on the restaurant project and I am trying to do that as best I can so let me know what I can do to help and I will be on it as soon as I can


Oh sorry :( really we just need the first two requirements of the marketing done, but matt might do that because I didn’t see this when you posted it




Hi
New page


Hi you’re on a rock floating in space[a]


**no**
Hi there I finished painish


“Drink the water, Tourists. Taste the h2o” -elicit
Document of A will probably end with 78 pages it looks like
Or will it


Maybe it will
Or maybe 79?
Or 89


Who changed the font
I fixed it
I will re fix it 
Ew no not comic sans 
Esta campaña fue patrocinada por Karlson Corperations
Fine =[
This good?
fine
=]
  



Hi 
How are you today
Alive says me
   
NO!!!!!
BAD!!!!!!
WHY !!!!!!!!!
What do we do in science?


  

OK thanks for that helpful information
That man is AI generated
“Document of A pig kingdom style”-Joe
I WILL BE DOWNLOADING DOCUMENT OF A FOR THE FINAL TIME. ANY CHANGES AFTER THIS MESSAGE WILL BE GONE FOREVER. If you have anything to say that you want to be lost to history, please say it on this last page 82. Document of A is finalised with 81 pages.
 -jonathan
Is Mrs. Shipley grading your stuff?
Hopefully. It seems like she maybe is, because the vice principal talked to her about it
That is good
SHE EXCUSED MY QUIZZES!!! 
I GET TO LEAVVEEEEEEEE
NEVER GO TO THIS PLACE AGAIINNNNNNNN
YOU WIN SCHOOL
GOOD JOB
 bye document of a -george
Bye document of a -matt 
Later stupid classmatese - matt
Screw u art + spainish - matt


[a]2 total reactions
Jonathan Hausam reacted with 🥲 at 2022-05-09 12:18 PM
Ben Niles reacted with 🥲 at 2022-05-04 10:58 AM